# SOUR: Shop, Own, Upcycle, Reuse
<a href="https://www.figma.com/proto/g2zNAIX7VL5Y5x1WFeiQqM/Prototyping-in-Figma?page-id=0%3A1&node-id=0-2&node-type=frame&viewport=70%2C294%2C0.18&t=KqrqD8DWfHfmiwRZ-1&scaling=scale-down&content-scaling=fixed&starting-point-node-id=0%3A2" target="_blank">High Fidelity Prototype</a>  
<a href="https://www.sour.clothing/" target="_blank">Learn More and or Contact Us (WebPage)</a>
## Executive Summary
SOUR is a social-media-driven, e-commerce mobile application designed to revolutionize second-hand fashion by supporting small businesses and promoting sustainable shopping. The fashion industry is one of the largest contributors to global carbon emissions, with fast fashion being responsible for 10% of total emissions. SOUR encourages second-hand clothing sales by empowering small sellers and providing buyers with an engaging, personalized shopping experience.  

SOUR is designed for two key user groups: sellers who want to promote and sell second-hand clothing, and buyers seeking affordable, eco-friendly fashion alternatives. For sellers, SOUR offers a subscription-based platform, allowing them to sell without high transaction fees. Sellers can also create personalized content, including photos and videos, to showcase their clothing in a more engaging and authentic way—building a personal connection with potential buyers. SOUR’s innovative use of computer vision technology will simplify the listing process by automatically generating product information such as size, material, price, and style keywords based on uploaded images of the clothing and its tag. Buyers will benefit from a highly curated shopping experience. SOUR’s explore page and recommendation algorithm will allow users to find clothes that match their unique style and preferences. Users can follow and interact with sellers and posts, fostering trust with reputable sellers. SOUR's advanced search functionality will allow users to discover clothing items through traditional filters like size and color, as well as more creative searches based on specific aesthetics and styles. Phrases such as "vintage boho" or "minimalist streetwear," will point users to personalized results that align with their unique preferences. An integrated payment system will allow buyers to shop directly within the app.  

SOUR sets itself apart from traditional platforms by merging the social media experience with e-commerce, creating a dynamic and engaging platform that puts small businesses at the forefront of fashion retail. With a growing demand for eco-conscious fashion and the increasing importance of supporting small businesses, SOUR has the potential to attract a real user base, revolutionize online thrifting, and make sustainable fashion more accessible.  
